Update README.md (#18360)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/sales/README.md

| Director of Solutions Consulting      | [Dave Herder](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daveherder/) _([@dherder](https://github.com/dherder))_
| Solutions Consultant (SC)             | [Will Mayhone](https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-mayhone-671977b6/) _([@willmayhone88](https://github.com/willmayhone88))_
| Head of Public Sector                 | [Keith Barnes](https://www.linkedin.com/in/keith-barnes-8b666/) _([@KAB703](https://github.com/KAB703))_
| Account Executive (AE)                | [Patricia Ambrus](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pambrus/) _([@ambrusps](https://github.com/ambrusps))_, [Anthony Snyder](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anthonysnyder8/) _([@AnthonySnyder8](https://github.com/AnthonySnyder8))_, [Paul Tardif](https://www.linkedin.com/in/paul-t-750833/) _([@phtardif1](https://github.com/phtardif1))_

> | Channel Sales Manager                 | [Tom Ostertag](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tom-ostertag-77212791/) _([@TomOstertag](https://github.com/TomOstertag))_

Reviewer: @alexmitchelliii What do you think about making this 2 separate PRs? This change is pretty straightforward forward but the "Sales process" might require a little bit more back and forth.

## Responsibilities
The Sales department is directly responsible for attaining the revenue goals of Fleet and helping to deliver upon our customers' objectives.

> ### Sales process

Reviewer: @alexmitchelliii would you consider the first part strategy? Maybe it takes the place of "Cold outbound strategy".

Author: Not sure if I just accepted your suggestions, @Sampfluger88 . But that is what I was trying to do. I'm good splitting it into two PRs.

Fleet's sales process is designed to align and support the evaluation and buying processes of our prospects. There are several stages of awareness and learning a person may go through before contacting Fleet. After they have enough interest and reach out to Fleet to further evaluate if Fleet can meet their organization's needs, Fleet tracks the progress of this learning, evaluation and commercial agreement through 8 stages in Salesforce.

In each stage, Fleeties supply and collect information to the prospect and document the information in meeting notes and Salesforce Opportunities. If prospects request access to meeting notes, we will review for confidential information and then share in alignment with Fleet's transparency value.

> To know what information to collect and share and what stage Opportunities should be at in Salesforce, Fleeties may review the ["Sales process overview"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xVmpCYoxWbOvzQdwGhf9xMQ6ZYoLVjsDA_cEeJb0mEE/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To know what information to collect and share and what stage an opportunity should be in Salesforce, Fleeties may review the ["Sales process overview"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xVmpCYoxWbOvzQdwGhf9xMQ6ZYoLVjsDA_cEeJb0mEE/edit?usp=sharing).
```
